1. What are the differences between flexbox and grid?
Flexbox is designed for one-dimensional layouts, and Grid for two-dimensional layouts.The approach of CSS Grid is the layout first, while the Flexbox approach is primarily the content.The Flexbox layout is best suited to application components and small-scale layouts, while the Grid layout is designed for larger-scale layouts that are not linear in design.

2. What are the differences between bootstrap and tailwind?
The main difference between Bootstrap and Tailwind is that Bootstrap pre-built components that provide a responsive UI (user interface) kit. On the other hand, Tailwind comes with predesigned widgets that facilitate web developers to design a website from scratch.Bootstrap is known for its responsiveness, whereas proponents of Tailwind CSS typically value the framework’s customizability.
3. what is CSS Box Model?
The CSS box model is a container that contains multiple properties including borders, margin, padding, and the content itself. It is used to create the design and layout of web pages. It can be used as a toolkit for customizing the layout of different elements. The web browser renders every element as a rectangular box according to the CSS box model. Box-Model has multiple properties in CSS.When laying out a document, the browser's rendering engine represents each element as a rectangular box according to the standard CSS basic box model. CSS determines the size, position, and properties (color, background, border size, etc.) of these boxes.Every box is composed of four parts (or areas), defined by their respective edges: the content edge, padding edge, border edge, and margin edge.

4. What is a semantic tag?
Semantic HTML elements are those that clearly describe their meaning in a human- and machine-readable way.Elements such as <header>, <footer> and <article> are all considered semantic because they accurately describe the purpose of the element and the type of content that is inside them.Semantic Tags are much easier to read. This is probably the first thing you will notice when looking at the first block of code using semantic elements. This is a small example, but as a programmer you can be reading through hundreds or thousands of lines of code. The easier it is to read and understand that code, the easier it makes your job.